README.md, before:

## SilverStripe Content Blocks recipe

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.com/silverstripe/recipe-content-blocks.svg?branch=2)](https://travis-ci.com/silverstripe/recipe-content-blocks)

This includes the following core SilverStripe and CWP modules:

 * [silverstripe/recipe-cms](https://github.com/silverstripe/recipe-cms): Recipe containing CMS, versioned, asset-admin, etc
 * [dnadesign/silverstripe-elemental](https://github.com/dnadesign/silverstripe-elemental): Adds content "elements" to
   your pages
 * [silverstripe/elemental-fileblock](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-elemental-fileblock): A file block
   for the dnadesign/silverstripe-elemental module
 * [silverstripe/elemental-bannerblock](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-elemental-bannerblock): A banner
   block for the dnadesign/silverstripe-elemental module

This can be either added to an existing project or used as a project base for creating a basic CWP install.

## Get started

You can create a project using Composer:

```
composer create-project silverstripe/recipe-content-blocks ./myproject ^2
```

## More information

See the [recipe plugin](https://github.com/silverstripe/recipe-plugin) page for instructions on how
SilverStripe recipes work.

Commit message:

DOC Remove reference to SilverStripe and CWP

README.md, after:

## Silverstripe CMS Content Blocks recipe

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.com/silverstripe/recipe-content-blocks.svg?branch=2)](https://travis-ci.com/silverstripe/recipe-content-blocks)

This includes the following core and supported Silverstripe CMS modules:

 * [silverstripe/recipe-cms](https://github.com/silverstripe/recipe-cms): Recipe containing CMS, versioned, asset-admin, etc
 * [dnadesign/silverstripe-elemental](https://github.com/dnadesign/silverstripe-elemental): Adds content "elements" to
   your pages
 * [silverstripe/elemental-fileblock](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-elemental-fileblock): A file block
   for the dnadesign/silverstripe-elemental module
 * [silverstripe/elemental-bannerblock](https://github.com/silverstripe/silverstripe-elemental-bannerblock): A banner
   block for the dnadesign/silverstripe-elemental module

This can be either added to an existing project or used as a project base for creating a basic install.

## Get started

You can create a project using Composer:

```bash
composer create-project silverstripe/recipe-content-blocks ./myproject ^2
```

## More information

See the [recipe plugin](https://github.com/silverstripe/recipe-plugin) page for instructions on how
Silverstripe CMS recipes work.
